.TH Minishell 3 "November 28, 2021"
.SH NAME
Minishell - Linked Lists Functions
.SH STRUCTURES SYNOPSIS

.nf
.B struct	t_start
.fi
.I int
	   init
.br
.I t_elem
	*first

.nf
.B struct	t_elem
.fi
.I char
	  *word
.br
.I t_elem
	*prev
.br
.I t_elem
	*next


.SH FUNCTIONS SYNOPSIS

.I int
.B ft_lstlen
(
.I t_start *start
);


.I int
.B ft_lst_count_occur
(
.I t_start *lst, char c
);

.I int
.B ft_lst_join
(
.I void
);

.I int
.B ft_lst_join_size
(
.I t_elem *start, t_elem *stop
);

.I int
.B ft_lst_elem_join
(
.I t_start *lst, t_elem *start, t_elem *stop
);

.I void
.B ft_lst_add_top
(
.I t_elem *elem, t_start *start
);

.I void
.B ft_lst_add_bot
(
.I t_elem *elem, t_start *start
);

.I void
.B ft_lst_free
(
.I t_start *start
);

.I void
.B ft_lst_show
(
.I t_start *stack
);

.I t_elem *
.B ft_lst_new_elem
(
.I char *word
);

.I t_elem *
.B ft_lst_before_last
(
.I t_start *start
);

.I t_elem *
.B ft_lst_last_elem
(
.I t_start *start
);

.I t_elem *
.B ft_lst_next_occur
(
.I t_elem *elem, char c
);

.SH STRUCTURES DESCRIPTIONS

.B t_start
structure is the starting element of any linked list.
.fi
.I init
member is used by static functions to check for initialisation. ( see
.I static.3
)
.fi
.I first
member contains the address of the first element in the list,
.B NULL
if there is none.

.B t_elem
structures are used as elements in linked lists.
.fi
.I word
member contains the allocated address of the word contained in that element.
.fi
.I prev
member contains the address of the previous element in the linked list,
.B NULL
if there is none.
.fi
.I next
member contains the address of the next element in the linked list,
.B NULL
if there is none.

.SH FUNCTIONS DESCRIPTIONS

.B ft_lstlen
takes as parameter a linked list starting point
.I start
and returs the number of elements in the list, 0 if
.I start
is
.B NULL
.

.B ft_lst_count_occur
takes as parameters a linked list starting point
.I lst
and a character
.I c
and returns the total number of occurences of character 
.I c
in every word of the list, returns 0 if
.I lst
does not contain any element.

.B ft_lst_join
join words containing quotes after first split.
.fi
Returns 0 is everything is good, -1 otherwise. 

.B ft_lst_join_size
takes as parameters a starting element
.I start
ans a stoping element
.I stop
and returns the number of elements between both, including them.
.I start
must be before
.I stop
in the list and both have to be in the same list.

.B ft_lst_elem_join
joins all elements between
.I start
and 
.I stop
included, in a single word.
Free all joined elements and insert new element in their place.

.B WORK IN PROGRESS HERE